# Expo Native Web With Redux
Building a sample expo app which can run on ios and android devices as well as web.

## Todos:
1. Refresh react native basics (It was 1-2 years ago since I used react native last time).  Done.
2. Use react router for web navigation.  Done
3. Use redux (also a refresher. After this, I am going to use apollo client instead). Done
4. Connect to some api endpoints.  Done 
5. Add authentication.  Done
6. Connect to all end points (Not yet done)
7. Improve styling for all platforms - iOS, android, and web.

## Setup
1. Install expo cli

```npm install --global expo-cli```

2. clone this repo
3. ```yarn``` to install all dependencies
4. Make sure the api backend server and database are also set up

```https://github.com/nfabacus/express-postgress-api-jwt```

5. iOS and android simulators
   For simulators, you will need to install them prior to this. However, you can also run the app via your phone with QR code.
   
6. For android simulator

   You will need to use https server or configure the app further.  For a quick solution, you can use ngrok to spin a https proxy server.
   
   1. Download ngrok and do the following command
   ```./ngrok http 5000``` 
   
   2. Make sure your backend server is running at port 5000.
   
   3. copy https address generated by ngrok
   
   4. create .env file in the root folder of this front end app and add the above address to it.  Follow .env.example.
      ```API_URL=https://6c4w1e69.ngrok.io```
   

## How to Run This Front End App
After all the set up is done
1. ```yarn run start``` in your terminal
2. Following the terminal for instruction to open the app.

## Demo Video

Here is a quick demo video on what is built so far
Images in the cards displayed in the app are random ones used as place holders, generated by an random image api.

https://open-bucket-view.s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/sampleAppProgressDemo1.mp4

### Build
With some wiring and coding, Expo allows me to generate native IOS and Androd as well as Web apps.

#### Web
Build web app

1. ```expo build:web```
2. Cd into web-build folder
3. Run a server in the folder

### local server to serve build files
1. Any server to serve static files

To install local server, if you don't have one.

```npm install --global http-server```

```http-server```

